SUMMARY: 

  Results-driven with a focus on data-driven application development and process optimization. Skilled in designing user-friendly applications, with a strong foundation in data handling and efficient software design.

SKILLS: 

  Programming Languages: Python, SQL, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, C++, C.

  Technologies: Alteryx, SQL Server, React, Node.js, Azure DevOps, Git, Pandas, Excel.

EXPERIENCE: 

  Role: Software Product Management Intern 
  Company: Environics Analytics
  When: Apr 2023 - Sep 2023
  Technologies used: SQL, Alteryx, Python, Azure DevOps
  Description: 
    - Developed an automated pipeline with Alteryx and Deep-L API to parse and translate data product documents and variable lists to French, resulting in savings of tens of thousands per product.
    - Created a user-friendly app with Python/QT to extract client usage data of company products from databases; provided ease of data access and analysis by non-technical teams. 
    - Enhanced databases to monitor client usage of products/APIs to formulate an optimized product pricing strategy and ultimately increase profitability and user satisfaction.

  Role: Student Engineer
  Company: Martinrea International
  When: Jan 2022 - Aug 2022
  Technologies used: SQL, Excel
  Description: 
    - Spearheaded a major project to optimize the flow of materials across a large facility; improved system for collecting and analyzing data to plan the project; resulted in increased output and cost efficiency.
    - Led cross-functional meetings to communicate project progress, timelines and outcomes to various departments and management.

PROJECTS: 

  #1 
  Title: Database Interface App
  Techologies: Python, SQL, ODBC
  Description: Created a efficient, user-friendly app to interact with a database featuring: Connection to any specified database via ODBC, dynamically generating intuitive UI for table selection and data filtering / real-time selection-based querying, efficiently handling millions of records via Pandas, optimized display algorithms and batch querying // thread and crash safe via multi-threading // custom output files.
  
  #2
  Title: Notes Web-App
  Techologies: React.js, MongoDB
  Description: Developed a comprehensive note-taking web application using React, JavaScript, and HTML, integrated with MongoDB databases for efficient file storage. Researched and tested innovative features aimed at enhancing the user experience of the note-taking.

  #3 
  Title: Chess Game/AI
  Technologies: C++
  Description: Created the game of chess, implementing a graphical interface and AI system proficient in surpassing good chess players, utilizing search algorithms. Incorporated design patterns such as visitor and decorator, alongside polymorphism, to optimize coupling and cohesion of the code.

  # 4 
  Title: Custom UI toolkit and Web Apps 
  Technologies: Typescript, Node, React, 
  Description: As part of a comprehensive course that introduced me to contemporary user interface implementation concepts, I undertook a project that encompassed a wide range of skills and knowledge. This project involved designing a UI toolkit for web development and utilizing Node.js and the Document Object Model (DOM) to create a variety of web applications. Notably, I developed a modern version of the Simon electronic game, which included animation, drawing, event handling, and followed the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture. Additionally, I designed a color editor with a strong emphasis on the MVC architecture, event dispatch, layout design, layout algorithms, and widget design. These projects enabled me to explain the architectural and algorithmic details underlying current user interfaces and user interface toolkits, as well as to describe key aspects of user interfaces, such as user input, event-driven architecture, and asynchronous events.

EDUCATION: 
  Computer Science, Honours @ University of Waterloo
  - Pursuing Specialization in Data Science.
  - Relevent Courses: Object-Oriented Software Development, Databases, User Interfaces, Algorithms, Statistics, Probability