About The Role
As a Software Developer with FDM, you will undergo industry specific training and continue your career journey as an FDM consultant by working for one of our globally recognized clients. Some common positions you could take on include Front-end Developer, Back-end Developer, Full Stack Developer, DevOps Engineer and more.

As a Software Developer your main role will be to solve problems, upgrade existing systems and improve efficiency for the overall success of large software development projects. You will use your coding and creative thinking skills to impact the development and delivery of technological solutions for businesses. Your range of responsibilities will include writing, developing, testing and reviewing code in order to optimize existing applications and fixing defects.

This position is ideal for final year students hoping to secure an entry-level job upon graduation. No previous qualifications or STEM Field experience is required.

Benefits 

A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. 
Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. 
Two-year contract in industry. 
Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. 
Comprehensive and competitive benefits package.
Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals.  
Industry recognized paid training.
About the FDM Career Development Program

FDM’s Career Development Program is a great way for students to enter the job market upon graduation. At FDM, we train the brightest talent to become the innovators of tomorrow. Technology makes the world a better place and we believe passion, drive and curiosity are what you need to have a successful career in tech. This is why we do not require any previous experience to join FDM’s Career Development Program.

FDM’s Career Development Program begins with remote and/or in person training. We will provide you with industry-specific technical and professional skills, after which you will start working as an FDM Consultant with our globally recognized clients. Please note all client assignments require hybrid working in client offices in either Montreal or Toronto.

Upon completion of the program, many graduates see their journey with FDM culminating in an accelerated career progression, better placing them to apply for senior roles within the industry.

About You
Minimum Qualifications

Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar)
A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set.
Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C, C++, C#).
Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux).
Understanding of database and SQL.
Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period.
Eligible to work in Canada. 
About Us
Our people are our passion at FDM. That’s why we make your training and career growth a priority. Since 2014, we have launched the careers of over 1,000 junior software developers in Canada. FDM is currently seeking numerous ambitious and driven candidates with the aptitude for IT to work as FDM consultants. We help people like you make their first step into tech every day. Are you ready to make yours?

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

At the heart of our business remains our desire to launch the careers of people from many different backgrounds, helping them to develop their skills before starting work with our clients.

With over 95 nationalities working together as a team across 17 countries, we are proud to be leading by example:

31% of FDM’s global workforce is female
51% of FDM management team and direct reports identify as female
FDM Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, provincial or local laws.

 
Note: Please only submit one application, even if you are interested in more than one opportunity. A recruiter will speak to you about all options available after we review your application. Please note this role is part of our career development program.
